walk,to,a,yellow,small,cylinder,hesitantly
walk,to,a,yellow,small,cylinder,while spinning
walk,to,a,yellow,small,cylinder,while zigzagging
walk,to,a,yellow,small,circle,hesitantly
walk,to,a,yellow,small,circle,while spinning
walk,to,a,yellow,small,circle,while zigzagging
walk,to,a,yellow,big,cylinder,hesitantly
walk,to,a,yellow,big,cylinder,while spinning
walk,to,a,yellow,big,cylinder,while zigzagging
walk,to,a,yellow,big,circle,hesitantly
walk,to,a,yellow,big,circle,while spinning
walk,to,a,yellow,big,circle,while zigzagging
walk,to,a,green,small,square,hesitantly
walk,to,a,green,small,square,while spinning
walk,to,a,green,small,square,while zigzagging
walk,to,a,green,small,cylinder,hesitantly
walk,to,a,green,small,cylinder,while spinning
walk,to,a,green,small,cylinder,while zigzagging
walk,to,a,green,small,circle,hesitantly
walk,to,a,green,small,circle,while spinning
walk,to,a,green,small,circle,while zigzagging
walk,to,a,green,big,square,hesitantly
walk,to,a,green,big,square,while spinning
walk,to,a,green,big,square,while zigzagging
walk,to,a,green,big,cylinder,hesitantly
walk,to,a,green,big,cylinder,while spinning
walk,to,a,green,big,cylinder,while zigzagging
walk,to,a,green,big,circle,hesitantly
walk,to,a,green,big,circle,while spinning
walk,to,a,green,big,circle,while zigzagging
walk,to,a,red,small,cylinder,hesitantly
walk,to,a,red,small,cylinder,while spinning
walk,to,a,red,small,cylinder,while zigzagging
walk,to,a,red,small,circle,hesitantly
walk,to,a,red,small,circle,while spinning
walk,to,a,red,small,circle,while zigzagging
walk,to,a,red,big,cylinder,hesitantly
walk,to,a,red,big,cylinder,while spinning
walk,to,a,red,big,cylinder,while zigzagging
walk,to,a,red,big,circle,hesitantly
walk,to,a,red,big,circle,while spinning
walk,to,a,red,big,circle,while zigzagging
walk,to,a,blue,small,square,hesitantly
walk,to,a,blue,small,square,while spinning
walk,to,a,blue,small,square,while zigzagging
walk,to,a,blue,small,cylinder,hesitantly
walk,to,a,blue,small,cylinder,while spinning
walk,to,a,blue,small,cylinder,while zigzagging
walk,to,a,blue,small,circle,hesitantly
walk,to,a,blue,small,circle,while spinning
walk,to,a,blue,small,circle,while zigzagging
walk,to,a,blue,big,square,hesitantly
walk,to,a,blue,big,square,while spinning
walk,to,a,blue,big,square,while zigzagging
walk,to,a,blue,big,cylinder,hesitantly
walk,to,a,blue,big,cylinder,while spinning
walk,to,a,blue,big,cylinder,while zigzagging
walk,to,a,blue,big,circle,hesitantly
walk,to,a,blue,big,circle,while spinning
walk,to,a,blue,big,circle,while zigzagging
walk,to,a,yellow,cylinder,hesitantly
walk,to,a,yellow,cylinder,while spinning
walk,to,a,yellow,cylinder,while zigzagging
walk,to,a,yellow,circle,hesitantly
walk,to,a,yellow,circle,while spinning
walk,to,a,yellow,circle,while zigzagging
walk,to,a,green,square,hesitantly
walk,to,a,green,square,while spinning
walk,to,a,green,square,while zigzagging
walk,to,a,green,cylinder,hesitantly
walk,to,a,green,cylinder,while spinning
walk,to,a,green,cylinder,while zigzagging
walk,to,a,green,circle,hesitantly
walk,to,a,green,circle,while spinning
walk,to,a,green,circle,while zigzagging
walk,to,a,red,cylinder,hesitantly
walk,to,a,red,cylinder,while spinning
walk,to,a,red,cylinder,while zigzagging
walk,to,a,red,circle,hesitantly
walk,to,a,red,circle,while spinning
walk,to,a,red,circle,while zigzagging
walk,to,a,blue,square,hesitantly
walk,to,a,blue,square,while spinning
walk,to,a,blue,square,while zigzagging
walk,to,a,blue,cylinder,hesitantly
walk,to,a,blue,cylinder,while spinning
walk,to,a,blue,cylinder,while zigzagging
walk,to,a,blue,circle,hesitantly
walk,to,a,blue,circle,while spinning
walk,to,a,blue,circle,while zigzagging
walk,to,a,small,square,hesitantly
walk,to,a,small,square,while spinning
walk,to,a,small,square,while zigzagging
walk,to,a,small,cylinder,hesitantly
walk,to,a,small,cylinder,while spinning
walk,to,a,small,cylinder,while zigzagging
walk,to,a,small,circle,hesitantly
walk,to,a,small,circle,while spinning
walk,to,a,small,circle,while zigzagging
walk,to,a,big,square,hesitantly
walk,to,a,big,square,while spinning
walk,to,a,big,square,while zigzagging
walk,to,a,big,cylinder,hesitantly
walk,to,a,big,cylinder,while spinning
walk,to,a,big,cylinder,while zigzagging
walk,to,a,big,circle,hesitantly
walk,to,a,big,circle,while spinning
walk,to,a,big,circle,while zigzagging
walk,to,a,square,hesitantly
walk,to,a,square,while spinning
walk,to,a,square,while zigzagging
walk,to,a,cylinder,hesitantly
walk,to,a,cylinder,while spinning
walk,to,a,cylinder,while zigzagging
walk,to,a,circle,hesitantly
walk,to,a,circle,while spinning
walk,to,a,circle,while zigzagging
push,a,yellow,small,cylinder,hesitantly
push,a,yellow,small,cylinder,while spinning
push,a,yellow,small,cylinder,while zigzagging
push,a,yellow,small,circle,hesitantly
push,a,yellow,small,circle,while spinning
push,a,yellow,small,circle,while zigzagging
push,a,yellow,big,cylinder,hesitantly
push,a,yellow,big,cylinder,while spinning
push,a,yellow,big,cylinder,while zigzagging
push,a,yellow,big,circle,hesitantly
push,a,yellow,big,circle,while spinning
push,a,yellow,big,circle,while zigzagging
push,a,green,small,square,hesitantly
push,a,green,small,square,while spinning
push,a,green,small,square,while zigzagging
push,a,green,small,cylinder,hesitantly
push,a,green,small,cylinder,while spinning
push,a,green,small,cylinder,while zigzagging
push,a,green,small,circle,hesitantly
push,a,green,small,circle,while spinning
push,a,green,small,circle,while zigzagging
push,a,green,big,square,hesitantly
push,a,green,big,square,while spinning
push,a,green,big,square,while zigzagging
push,a,green,big,cylinder,hesitantly
push,a,green,big,cylinder,while spinning
push,a,green,big,cylinder,while zigzagging
push,a,green,big,circle,hesitantly
push,a,green,big,circle,while spinning
push,a,green,big,circle,while zigzagging
push,a,red,small,cylinder,hesitantly
push,a,red,small,cylinder,while spinning
push,a,red,small,cylinder,while zigzagging
push,a,red,small,circle,hesitantly
push,a,red,small,circle,while spinning
push,a,red,small,circle,while zigzagging
push,a,red,big,cylinder,hesitantly
push,a,red,big,cylinder,while spinning
push,a,red,big,cylinder,while zigzagging
push,a,red,big,circle,hesitantly
push,a,red,big,circle,while spinning
push,a,red,big,circle,while zigzagging
push,a,blue,small,square,hesitantly
push,a,blue,small,square,while spinning
push,a,blue,small,square,while zigzagging
push,a,blue,small,cylinder,hesitantly
push,a,blue,small,cylinder,while spinning
push,a,blue,small,cylinder,while zigzagging
push,a,blue,small,circle,hesitantly
push,a,blue,small,circle,while spinning
push,a,blue,small,circle,while zigzagging
push,a,blue,big,square,hesitantly
push,a,blue,big,square,while spinning
push,a,blue,big,square,while zigzagging
push,a,blue,big,cylinder,hesitantly
push,a,blue,big,cylinder,while spinning
push,a,blue,big,cylinder,while zigzagging
push,a,blue,big,circle,hesitantly
push,a,blue,big,circle,while spinning
push,a,blue,big,circle,while zigzagging
pull,a,yellow,small,cylinder,hesitantly
pull,a,yellow,small,cylinder,while zigzagging
pull,a,yellow,small,circle,hesitantly
pull,a,yellow,small,circle,while zigzagging
pull,a,yellow,big,cylinder,hesitantly
pull,a,yellow,big,cylinder,while zigzagging
pull,a,yellow,big,circle,hesitantly
pull,a,yellow,big,circle,while zigzagging
pull,a,green,small,square,hesitantly
pull,a,green,small,square,while zigzagging
pull,a,green,small,cylinder,hesitantly
pull,a,green,small,cylinder,while zigzagging
pull,a,green,small,circle,hesitantly
pull,a,green,small,circle,while zigzagging
pull,a,green,big,square,hesitantly
pull,a,green,big,square,while zigzagging
pull,a,green,big,cylinder,hesitantly
pull,a,green,big,cylinder,while zigzagging
pull,a,green,big,circle,hesitantly
pull,a,green,big,circle,while zigzagging
pull,a,red,small,cylinder,hesitantly
pull,a,red,small,cylinder,while zigzagging
pull,a,red,small,circle,hesitantly
pull,a,red,small,circle,while zigzagging
pull,a,red,big,cylinder,hesitantly
pull,a,red,big,cylinder,while zigzagging
pull,a,red,big,circle,hesitantly
pull,a,red,big,circle,while zigzagging
pull,a,blue,small,square,hesitantly
pull,a,blue,small,square,while zigzagging
pull,a,blue,small,cylinder,hesitantly
pull,a,blue,small,cylinder,while zigzagging
pull,a,blue,small,circle,hesitantly
pull,a,blue,small,circle,while zigzagging
pull,a,blue,big,square,hesitantly
pull,a,blue,big,square,while zigzagging
pull,a,blue,big,cylinder,hesitantly
pull,a,blue,big,cylinder,while zigzagging
pull,a,blue,big,circle,hesitantly
pull,a,blue,big,circle,while zigzagging
push,a,yellow,cylinder,hesitantly
push,a,yellow,cylinder,while spinning
push,a,yellow,cylinder,while zigzagging
push,a,yellow,circle,hesitantly
push,a,yellow,circle,while spinning
push,a,yellow,circle,while zigzagging
push,a,green,square,hesitantly
push,a,green,square,while spinning
push,a,green,square,while zigzagging
push,a,green,cylinder,hesitantly
push,a,green,cylinder,while spinning
push,a,green,cylinder,while zigzagging
push,a,green,circle,hesitantly
push,a,green,circle,while spinning
push,a,green,circle,while zigzagging
push,a,red,cylinder,hesitantly
push,a,red,cylinder,while spinning
push,a,red,cylinder,while zigzagging
push,a,red,circle,hesitantly
push,a,red,circle,while spinning
push,a,red,circle,while zigzagging
push,a,blue,square,hesitantly
push,a,blue,square,while spinning
push,a,blue,square,while zigzagging
push,a,blue,cylinder,hesitantly
push,a,blue,cylinder,while spinning
push,a,blue,cylinder,while zigzagging
push,a,blue,circle,hesitantly
push,a,blue,circle,while spinning
push,a,blue,circle,while zigzagging
push,a,small,square,hesitantly
push,a,small,square,while spinning
push,a,small,square,while zigzagging
push,a,small,cylinder,hesitantly
push,a,small,cylinder,while spinning
push,a,small,cylinder,while zigzagging
push,a,small,circle,hesitantly
push,a,small,circle,while spinning
push,a,small,circle,while zigzagging
push,a,big,square,hesitantly
push,a,big,square,while spinning
push,a,big,square,while zigzagging
push,a,big,cylinder,hesitantly
push,a,big,cylinder,while spinning
push,a,big,cylinder,while zigzagging
push,a,big,circle,hesitantly
push,a,big,circle,while spinning
push,a,big,circle,while zigzagging
pull,a,yellow,cylinder,hesitantly
pull,a,yellow,cylinder,while zigzagging
pull,a,yellow,circle,hesitantly
pull,a,yellow,circle,while zigzagging
pull,a,green,square,hesitantly
pull,a,green,square,while zigzagging
pull,a,green,cylinder,hesitantly
pull,a,green,cylinder,while zigzagging
pull,a,green,circle,hesitantly
pull,a,green,circle,while zigzagging
pull,a,red,cylinder,hesitantly
pull,a,red,cylinder,while zigzagging
pull,a,red,circle,hesitantly
pull,a,red,circle,while zigzagging
pull,a,blue,square,hesitantly
pull,a,blue,square,while zigzagging
pull,a,blue,cylinder,hesitantly
pull,a,blue,cylinder,while zigzagging
pull,a,blue,circle,hesitantly
pull,a,blue,circle,while zigzagging
pull,a,small,square,hesitantly
pull,a,small,square,while zigzagging
pull,a,small,cylinder,hesitantly
pull,a,small,cylinder,while zigzagging
pull,a,small,circle,hesitantly
pull,a,small,circle,while zigzagging
pull,a,big,square,hesitantly
pull,a,big,square,while zigzagging
pull,a,big,cylinder,hesitantly
pull,a,big,cylinder,while zigzagging
pull,a,big,circle,hesitantly
pull,a,big,circle,while zigzagging
push,a,square,hesitantly
push,a,square,while spinning
push,a,square,while zigzagging
push,a,cylinder,hesitantly
push,a,cylinder,while spinning
push,a,cylinder,while zigzagging
push,a,circle,hesitantly
push,a,circle,while spinning
push,a,circle,while zigzagging
pull,a,square,hesitantly
pull,a,square,while zigzagging
pull,a,cylinder,hesitantly
pull,a,cylinder,while zigzagging
pull,a,circle,hesitantly
pull,a,circle,while zigzagging
walk,to,a,yellow,small,cylinder
walk,to,a,yellow,small,circle
walk,to,a,yellow,big,cylinder
walk,to,a,yellow,big,circle
walk,to,a,green,small,square
walk,to,a,green,small,cylinder
walk,to,a,green,small,circle
walk,to,a,green,big,square
walk,to,a,green,big,cylinder
walk,to,a,green,big,circle
walk,to,a,red,small,cylinder
walk,to,a,red,small,circle
walk,to,a,red,big,cylinder
walk,to,a,red,big,circle
walk,to,a,blue,small,square
walk,to,a,blue,small,cylinder
walk,to,a,blue,small,circle
walk,to,a,blue,big,square
walk,to,a,blue,big,cylinder
walk,to,a,blue,big,circle
walk,to,a,yellow,cylinder
walk,to,a,yellow,circle
walk,to,a,green,square
walk,to,a,green,cylinder
walk,to,a,green,circle
walk,to,a,red,cylinder
walk,to,a,red,circle
walk,to,a,blue,square
walk,to,a,blue,cylinder
walk,to,a,blue,circle
walk,to,a,small,square
walk,to,a,small,cylinder
walk,to,a,small,circle
walk,to,a,big,square
walk,to,a,big,cylinder
walk,to,a,big,circle
walk,to,a,square
walk,to,a,cylinder
walk,to,a,circle
push,a,yellow,small,cylinder
push,a,yellow,small,circle
push,a,yellow,big,cylinder
push,a,yellow,big,circle
push,a,green,small,square
push,a,green,small,cylinder
push,a,green,small,circle
push,a,green,big,square
push,a,green,big,cylinder
push,a,green,big,circle
push,a,red,small,cylinder
push,a,red,small,circle
push,a,red,big,cylinder
push,a,red,big,circle
push,a,blue,small,square
push,a,blue,small,cylinder
push,a,blue,small,circle
push,a,blue,big,square
push,a,blue,big,cylinder
push,a,blue,big,circle
pull,a,yellow,small,cylinder
pull,a,yellow,small,circle
pull,a,yellow,big,cylinder
pull,a,yellow,big,circle
pull,a,green,small,square
pull,a,green,small,cylinder
pull,a,green,small,circle
pull,a,green,big,square
pull,a,green,big,cylinder
pull,a,green,big,circle
pull,a,red,small,cylinder
pull,a,red,small,circle
pull,a,red,big,cylinder
pull,a,red,big,circle
pull,a,blue,small,square
pull,a,blue,small,cylinder
pull,a,blue,small,circle
pull,a,blue,big,square
pull,a,blue,big,cylinder
pull,a,blue,big,circle
push,a,yellow,cylinder
push,a,yellow,circle
push,a,green,square
push,a,green,cylinder
push,a,green,circle
push,a,red,cylinder
push,a,red,circle
push,a,blue,square
push,a,blue,cylinder
push,a,blue,circle
push,a,small,square
push,a,small,cylinder
push,a,small,circle
push,a,big,square
push,a,big,cylinder
push,a,big,circle
pull,a,yellow,cylinder
pull,a,yellow,circle
pull,a,green,square
pull,a,green,cylinder
pull,a,green,circle
pull,a,red,cylinder
pull,a,red,circle
pull,a,blue,square
pull,a,blue,cylinder
pull,a,blue,circle
pull,a,small,square
pull,a,small,cylinder
pull,a,small,circle
pull,a,big,square
pull,a,big,cylinder
pull,a,big,circle
push,a,square
push,a,cylinder
push,a,circle
pull,a,square
pull,a,cylinder
pull,a,circle
push,a,green,small,square,cautiously
